added xml docs to concepts (#115)
IRL2/nanover-docs: source/concepts/xml-files.rst

> XML Files

Reviewer: I think the title should reflect the idea that this is the XML format for OpenMM simulations specifically.

Author: Done in this commit [53f559a](https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/115/commits/53f559a4555a4359a66443667809392abf6f96e3).

==============================================

The XML format for serializing OpenMM simulations consists of a root element ``<OpenMMSimulation>`` containing three main components:

1. **Starting Structure**: Enclosed in either ``<pdbx>`` or ``<pdb>`` tags

> 2. **OpenMM Serialized System**: Enclosed in ``<System>`` tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **OpenMM Serialized System**: Enclosed in the ``<System>`` tag
```

Reviewer: I think this should be singular since there can only be one System

> 3. **OpenMM Serialized Integrator**: Enclosed in ``<Integrator>`` tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **OpenMM Serialized Integrator**: Enclosed in the ``<Integrator>`` tag
```

Reviewer: I think this should be singular since there can only be one Integrator

> An optional fourth component, the OpenMM serialized state, may also be included.

Reviewer: Can you describe more about what this is? What type of object is it and what is the tag?

Author: Done in this commit [84ca9a9](https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/115/commits/84ca9a93f9ad2f5f4ace78b0b3f69b84b985e283)

XML Structure
-------------

.. code-block:: xml

    <OpenMMSimulation>
        <pdbx>
            <!-- Content of the PDBx file -->
        </pdbx>
        <System ...>
            <!-- XML content of the OpenMM serialized system -->
        </System>
        <Integrator ...>
            <!-- XML content of the OpenMM serialized integrator -->
        </Integrator>
    </OpenMMSimulation>

Components Description
----------------------

1. **Starting Structure**:

   * Tag: ``<pdbx>`` (preferred) or ``<pdb>`` (for backward compatibility)
   * Content: The entire PDBx or PDB file content

2. **OpenMM Serialized System**:

   * Tag: ``<System>``
   * Content: XML representation of the OpenMM serialized system
   * Attributes: May include system-specific attributes

3. **OpenMM Serialized Integrator**:

   * Tag: ``<Integrator>``
   * Content: XML representation of the OpenMM serialized integrator
   * Attributes: May include integrator-specific attributes

Usage
-----

> This XML format serves two primary purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `narupa.openmm.serializer` module provides the following functions to convert to/from a serialized OpenMM simulation:
```

Author: I think there is a typo there, it should be: `nanover,openmm.serializer`

1. **Serialization**: Converting an existing OpenMM simulation instance into an XML file
2. **Deserialization**: Creating an OpenMM simulation instance from an XML file

> The format allows for efficient storage and exchange of OpenMM simulation data, including the starting structure, system configuration, and integrator settings.

Reviewer: Not sure we need this line? Or maybe it further up the page.

Author: I agree, and moved it up.

An optional fourth component, the OpenMM serialized state, may also be included.
The format allows for efficient storage and exchange of OpenMM simulation data, including the starting structure, system configuration, and integrator settings.

XML Structure
-------------

.. code-block:: xml

    <OpenMMSimulation>
        <pdbx>
            <!-- Content of the PDBx file -->
        </pdbx>
        <System ...>
            <!-- XML content of the OpenMM serialized system -->
        </System>
        <Integrator ...>
            <!-- XML content of the OpenMM serialized integrator -->
        </Integrator>
    </OpenMMSimulation>

Components Description
----------------------

1. **Starting Structure**:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

   * Tag: ``<pdbx>`` (preferred) or ``<pdb>`` (for backward compatibility)
   * Content: The entire PDBx or PDB file content

2. **OpenMM Serialized System**:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Within this tag, you'll find:

    **Particles:** They are represented with ``<Particle>`` tags, each containing:
        - Mass
        - Charge (if using a `NonbondedForce`)

    **Forces:** Various force components are represented by specific tags:

>         - ``<HarmonicBondForce>``: For bond stretching

Reviewer 2: These are some examples of the forces that one could include in an input file, but it is not an exhaustive list. Perhaps it would be better to refer to the types of forces that [OpenMM offers](http://docs.openmm.org/latest/userguide/theory/02_standard_forces.html#standard-forces) and link to the specific page?

Author: Solved in commit [8e32555](https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/115/commits/8e325552911b99f8b0b9deb777237b6f1ec7784d)

        - ``<HarmonicAngleForce>``: For angle bending
        - ``<PeriodicTorsionForce>``: For dihedral angles
        - ``<NonbondedForce>``: For electrostatic and van der Waals interactions
        - ``<CustomNonbondedForce>``: For user-defined nonbonded interactions

        Each force tag contains parameters specific to that force type. For example:

        .. code-block:: xml

           <HarmonicBondForce>
             <Bond p1="0" p2="1" length="0.1" k="1000"/>
           </HarmonicBondForce>

    **Constraints:** If present, constraints are listed under a ``<Constraints>`` tag:

        .. code-block:: xml

           <Constraints>
             <Constraint p1="0" p2="1" distance="0.1"/>
           </Constraints>

3. **OpenMM Serialized Integrator**:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The ``<Integrator>`` tag contains parameters specific to the integration method used, such as step size and temperature for a Langevin integrator:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``<Integrator>`` tag contains parameters that specify the integration method to be used to simulate dynamics, such as the type of integrator, simulation time step and temperature:
```

Reviewer 2: It may also be worth linking to the [integrators page](http://docs.openmm.org/latest/userguide/theory/04_integrators.html) of the OpenMM documentation

Author: Soved in commit [8e32555](https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/115/commits/8e325552911b99f8b0b9deb777237b6f1ec7784d)
